DeepRacer: our journey to the top ten!
https://medium.com/proud2becloud/deepracer-our-journey-to-the-top-ten-257ff69922e

Uploading a Locally Trained DeepRacer Model to AWS
https://medium.com/@autonomousracecarclub/uploading-a-locally-trained-deepracer-model-to-aws-c9ed8262232b

How to Run DeepRacer Locally to Save your Wallet
https://medium.com/@autonomousracecarclub/how-to-run-deepracer-locally-to-save-your-wallet-13ccc878687

What is the AWS DeepRacer League and how did we win the French Edition ?
https://medium.com/@matthieurousseau_16015/what-is-the-aws-deepracer-league-and-how-did-we-win-the-french-edition-facae656680c

Running DeepRacer through docker
https://github.com/crr0004/deepracer

AWS Deepracer — How to build your own race track at home
https://medium.com/@babu.b.srinivasan/aws-deepracer-how-to-build-your-own-race-track-at-home-9fa74fea2ca9

WTF is Convergence? — AWS DeepRacer
https://medium.com/@TheGeekiestOne/wtf-is-convergence-aws-deepracer-89ba78881381

Visualizing AWS DeepRacer Waypoints
https://medium.com/@autonomousracecarclub/visualizing-aws-deepracer-waypoints-9b94e6311b7a

Our AWS DeepRacer Wiki
https://medium.com/@autonomousracecarclub/our-aws-deepracer-wiki-fdd207302282

Bézier Curves for your Games: A Tutorial
http://devmag.org.za/2011/04/05/bzier-curves-a-tutorial/

Curved Paths
https://www.redblobgames.com/articles/curved-paths/

B-spline
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-spline

Helper for Bézier Curves, Triangles, and Higher Order Objects
https://pypi.org/project/bezier/
https://bezier.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/reference/bezier.curve.html
https://nathanrooy.github.io/posts/2016-09-14/airfoil-manipulation-via-bezier-curves-with-python/

Bézier Curve
https://matplotlib.org/gallery/api/quad_bezier.html

Animated Bézier Curves
https://www.jasondavies.com/animated-bezier/

Speed Dreams
http://www.speed-dreams.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speed_Dreams

TORCS (The Open Racing Car Simulator)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TORCS
http://torcs.sourceforge.net/index.php

Real-time Trajectory Optimizationfor Autonomous Vehicle Racing
https://publications.rwth-aachen.de/record/710049/files/main.pdf
https://github.com/janismac/RacingTrajectoryOptimization
https://janismac.github.io/Portfolio/projects/#portfolio-11

Bézier curve fitting with SciPy
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12643079/b%C3%A9zier-curve-fitting-with-scipy

How to calculate racing lines automatically
http://phungdinhthang.com/2016/12/16/calculate-racing-lines-automatically/?i=2

Greedy Algorithm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greedy_algorithm

Basics of Greedy Algorithms
https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/algorithms/greedy/basics-of-greedy-algorithms/tutorial/

scipy.interpolate.BSpline
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.interpolate.BSpline.html

B-Spline Geometry
https://nurbs-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/module_bspline.html

Scientific Programming with B-Splines
https://bsplines.org/scientific-programming-with-b-splines/

Python-B-spline-examples
https://github.com/kawache/Python-B-spline-examples

Introduction to Regression Splines (with Python codes)
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2018/03/introduction-regression-splines-python-codes/

B spline curve generation in Python
https://computergraphics.stackexchange.com/questions/7627/b-spline-curve-generation-in-python

NURBS-Python v5.x Documentation
https://nurbs-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html

Smoother Signatures 
https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/smoother-signatures-be64515adb33

Interpolation (scipy.interpolate)
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/tutorial/interpolate.html